background                = default   default
frame                    = red     default
window_title            = cyan     default
directory                = red     default
selected_directory        = magenta     green
playlist                = green     default
selected_playlist        = black     green
file                    = green     default
selected_file            = black     green
marked_file                = black     default
marked_selected_file    = black     green
info                    = green     default
selected_info            = black     green
marked_info                = green     default
marked_selected_info    = black     green
status                    = green     default
title                    = green     default
state                    = green     default
current_time            = black     green
time_left                = magenta     default
total_time                = magenta     default
time_total_frames        = green     default
sound_parameters        = green     default
legend                    = green     default
disabled                = green     default
enabled                    = black     green
empty_mixer_bar            = green     default
filled_mixer_bar        = black     green
empty_time_bar            = blue     default
filled_time_bar            = black     blue
entry                    = green     default
entry_title                = green     default
error                    = green     default
message                    = green     default
plist_time                = blue     default
